README.md, before:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://lepage.cc">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1711854/46634061-b79fe680-cb1d-11e8-9d83-32f563fa8acc.png" width=205>
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    Resume, CV, about and portfolio
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://lepage.cc">
      <strong>Website</strong>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://twitter.com/guylepage3">
      <strong>Twitter</strong>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3">
      <strong>GitHub</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~guylepage3">
      <strong>npm</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guylepage/">
      <strong>LinkedIn</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://medium.com/@guylepage3">
      <strong>Medium</strong></a>
    </a>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc/issues/new">
      Report bug
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/2LvYYCg1VViD6FWm2">
      Contact
    </a>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=guylepage3">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/guylepage3.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40guylepage3&logo=twitter" alt="follow on Twitter">
    </a>
    &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc/stargazers">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/guylepage3/lepage.cc.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000" alt="Star Repo">
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img width="800" alt="lepage.cc-v1.4.1" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1711854/46953198-28ce2500-d05b-11e8-83d7-c5b6d5d4c4f4.png">
</p>

<br/>

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App `v2.0`](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).


## Table of contents

- [Status](#status)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Repository maintainers](#repository-maintainers)

## Status
- Installed [React Router DOM](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router-dom) and [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router).
- Added more components to support content.
- Upgraded to [Create React App `v2.0.5`](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v2.0.5).
- Added https enforcement with downgrade attack prevention.

[![Lepage.cc version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lepage.cc-v2.0.1-brightgreen.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=00BB00)](https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc)
<a href="https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#why-contribute-to-open-source">
  <img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.png?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/" alt="Open Source">
</a>

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/guylepage3/lepage.cc.svg?style=svg&circle-token=08110c1289dd045892c46ae6cb36a681b0be7abb)](https://circleci.com/gh/guylepage3/lepage.cc)
[![ajv version](https://img.shields.io/badge/ajv-v6.5.4-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv)
[![Bootstrap version](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-v4.1.3-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap)
[![jQuery version](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-v3.3.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jquery)
[![Node Sass version](https://img.shields.io/badge/node--sass-v4.9.3-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-sass)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v6.4.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm)
[![Popper version](https://img.shields.io/badge/popper.js-v1.14.4-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/popper.js)
[![px-rem-reference version](https://img.shields.io/badge/px--rem--reference-v1.2.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/px-rem-reference)
[![React version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.5.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react)
[![React DOM version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--dom-v16.5.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dom)
[![React Router DOM version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--router--dom-v4.3.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-dom)
[![React Scripts version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--scripts-v2.0.5-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts)
[![Serve version](https://img.shields.io/badge/serve-v10.0.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve)
[![Source Map Explorer version](https://img.shields.io/badge/source--map--explorer-v1.6.0-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-explorer)


```
Lepage.cc
├── .circleci
│  └── config.yml
├── .gitignore
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── public
│  └── favicon.ico
│  └── index.html
│  └── manifest.json
├── README.md
└── src
│  └── App.js
│  └── App.test.js
│  └── components
|  │  └── Footer.js
|  │  └── Header.js
|  │  └── Hero.js
|  │  └── Home.js
|  │  └── Intro.js
|  │  └── Landing.js
|  │  └── NoMatch.js
|  │  └── Page404.js
│  └── components
│  └── index.js
│  └── serviceWorker.js
│  └── styles
|     └── App.css
|     └── index.css
└── static.json
```


## Quick start

Quickly start by cloning the repository to your local machine

```
$ git clone git@github.com:guylepage3/lepage.cc.git
```

Install [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). `npm` is installed and comes bundled with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

```
$ brew install node
```

Add dependencies

```
$ npm install
```

Start the local client side server and run the app. The app will automatically open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000/ for you

```
$ npm start
```


## Repository maintainers

**Guy Lepage**
- <https://twitter.com/guylepage3>
- <https://github.com/guylepage3>

Commit message:

major update to lepage ui, color, type, spacing #57
Signed-off-by: Guy Lepage <guylepage3@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://lepage.cc">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1711854/46634061-b79fe680-cb1d-11e8-9d83-32f563fa8acc.png" width=205>
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    Resume, CV, about and portfolio
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://lepage.cc">
      <strong>Website</strong>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://twitter.com/guylepage3">
      <strong>Twitter</strong>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3">
      <strong>GitHub</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~guylepage3">
      <strong>npm</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guylepage/">
      <strong>LinkedIn</strong></a>
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://medium.com/@guylepage3">
      <strong>Medium</strong></a>
    </a>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc/issues/new">
      Report bug
    </a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/2LvYYCg1VViD6FWm2">
      Contact
    </a>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=guylepage3">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/guylepage3.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40guylepage3&logo=twitter" alt="follow on Twitter">
    </a>
    &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc/stargazers">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/guylepage3/lepage.cc.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000" alt="Star Repo">
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img width="800" alt="lepage.cc-v1.4.1" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1711854/46953198-28ce2500-d05b-11e8-83d7-c5b6d5d4c4f4.png">
</p>

<br/>

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App `v2.0`](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).


## Table of contents

- [Status](#status)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Repository maintainers](#repository-maintainers)

## Status
- Installed [React Router DOM](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router-dom) and [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router).
- Added more components to support content.
- Upgraded to [Create React App `v2.0.5`](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v2.0.5).
- Added https enforcement with downgrade attack prevention.
- Added new typography testing environment for custom design system building 
  on `Lepage UI`.
- Major update to `[Lepage UI](https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc/blob/master/src/styles/Custom.scss)`.
  - Color System
  - Spacing Rules
  - Communication Typography System
    - Calculations for a 1 and 1.0625 rem base font size.
    - Full definition of Base Typography, Headings, Display Headings, Leads, 
      and Paragraphs.

[![Lepage.cc version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lepage.cc-v2.1.1-brightgreen.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=00BB00)](https://github.com/guylepage3/lepage.cc)
[![Lepage UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lepage_UI-v1.3.1-brightgreen.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=00BB00)](/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#galaxy-ui)
<a href="https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#why-contribute-to-open-source">
  <img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.png?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/" alt="Open Source">
</a>

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/guylepage3/lepage.cc.svg?style=svg&circle-token=08110c1289dd045892c46ae6cb36a681b0be7abb)](https://circleci.com/gh/guylepage3/lepage.cc)
[![ajv version](https://img.shields.io/badge/ajv-v6.5.4-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv)
[![Bootstrap version](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-v4.1.3-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap)
[![jQuery version](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-v3.3.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jquery)
[![Node Sass version](https://img.shields.io/badge/node--sass-v4.9.3-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-sass)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v6.4.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm)
[![Popper version](https://img.shields.io/badge/popper.js-v1.14.4-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/popper.js)
[![px-rem-reference version](https://img.shields.io/badge/px--rem--reference-v1.2.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/px-rem-reference)
[![React version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.5.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react)
[![React DOM version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--dom-v16.5.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dom)
[![React Router DOM version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--router--dom-v4.3.1-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-dom)
[![React Scripts version](https://img.shields.io/badge/react--scripts-v2.0.5-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts)
[![Serve version](https://img.shields.io/badge/serve-v10.0.2-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve)
[![Source Map Explorer version](https://img.shields.io/badge/source--map--explorer-v1.6.0-blue.svg?colorA=212121&colorB=007BFF)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-explorer)


```
Lepage.cc
├── .circleci
│  └── config.yml
├── .gitignore
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── public
│  └── favicon.ico
│  └── index.html
│  └── manifest.json
├── README.md
└── src
│  └── App.js
│  └── App.test.js
│  └── components
|  │  └── Footer.js
|  │  └── Header.js
|  │  └── Hero.js
|  │  └── Home.js
|  │  └── Intro.js
|  │  └── Landing.js
|  │  └── NoMatch.js
|  │  └── Page404.js
│  └── components
│  └── index.js
│  └── serviceWorker.js
│  └── styles
|     └── App.css
|     └── index.css
└── static.json
```


## Quick start

Quickly start by cloning the repository to your local machine

```
$ git clone git@github.com:guylepage3/lepage.cc.git
```

Install [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). `npm` is installed and comes bundled with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

```
$ brew install node
```

Add dependencies

```
$ npm install
```

Start the local client side server and run the app. The app will automatically open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000/ for you

```
$ npm start
```


## Repository maintainers

**Guy Lepage**
- <https://twitter.com/guylepage3>
- <https://github.com/guylepage3>
